# Academic_Research
Just some information about the academic research I completed at University of the Pacific.

### Bathymetric Mapping Using Unmanned Aeriel Vehicles ###  
I contributed to this work as a research assistant to Dr. Elizabeth Basha during my last semester of the graduate program. The research is still on-going after my graduation.  

Abstract:  
Wetlands are critical to the water cycle, yet they are a difficult environment to safely and effectively monitor. Scientists need to measure many aspects of this complex system; however, current methods for installing sensing systems disrupt the environment and current sensing systems cannot adapt to its constant changes. To appropriately characterize wetlands water systems, precise measurements of the water channel topography and bathymetry over time are needed. Current work either uses significant manual labor for a single use measurement or automated water measurement systems that heavily interact with the sensitive ecosystem. Our research explores how to perform these measurements using aerial robots to automate the process and to reduce the amount of interaction with the environment. Specifically, in this work, we discuss our work on bathymetric map creation via UAVs and online computation.

### A2Cloud: An Analytical Model for Application-to-Cloud Matching to Empower Scientific Computing ###  
I co-authored this published conference paper under Dr. Vivek Pallipuram. It was submitted to the IEEE INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON CLOUD COMPUTING 2018, which I attended as a Student Volunteer. You can find more information about it [here](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/326224263_A2Cloud_An_Analytical_Model_for_Application-to-Cloud_Matching_to_Empower_Scientific_Computing).  

Abstract:  
We present an analytical model that matches scientific applications to effective Cloud instances for high application performance. The model constructs two vectors namely, the application vector and the Cloud vector. The application vector consists of application performance components such as the number of single-precision (SP) floating-point operations (FLOPs) and double-precision (DP) FLOPs, main memory accesses, and disk accesses. The Cloud vector comprises corresponding Cloud-instance performance components such as the benchmarked SP and DP floating-point operations per second (FLOPS), memory bandwidth, and disk bandwidth. The model performs an inner product of the two vectors to produce an Application-to-Cloud (A2Cloud) score, which quantifies the application-to-Cloud match. We encapsulate the A2Cloud model in a user-friendly A2Cloud framework that inputs a test application and a target Cloud instance, profiles them, and executes the A2Cloud model to generate the A2Cloud score. We demonstrate the model by conducting 162 application executions across nine Cloud instances. Our tests yield an average A2Cloud matching rate of 6 for every 9 application-instance pairs with a mean absolute difference of ±1.08 ranks.
